They are ready.
Hallelujah
Stop!
What are you doing?
Not that one.
We don't search that one.
Let them through.
- Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah. hallelujah
We're here to pull ya
Back in to do it all the same
Hallelujah. hallelujah
Not sent to save ya
Just here to spank ya
Play some games
Hallelujah
Concentrate on your job.
Make the mixture properly!
We will be at the airport in an hour.
Hurry up.
You know what you are doing.
Hakan's men will pick you up in London.
- Okay?
- Okay.
You must speak to Hakan.
We're running out of mules.
Let him know.
I will tell him.
- Anything to declare?
- No.
- Where have you arrived from?
- Istanbul.
- My heart!
- Clear the lane.
- Ah! My heart!
- Give him some space.
Just. can everyone please…
Give him space. please!
Well done. my friend.
- You knew?
- Uh. knew?
It was my idea. and you're welcome.
They put a fucking gun to my head.
You put a fucking gun to your head.
Which was clever. Mmm.
You could've warned me.
Look. in this world.
these things do not come with warnings.
Do you want to get better at this or not?
- You needed to be tested.
- Tested by who?
Look.
This is your first war. mmm?
But it is not mine.
My first war came when I was only a boy.
It is how I met Mr. Blake.
It is how I learned about alliance.
how important it is.
How careful you have to be
in who you form an alliance with.
So yes. you were tested by Hakan.
And by me.
And you passed the test.
Does it get me to Hakan?
Well…
You are closer than you were.
I need to understand their operation.
If I understand how it works.
I'll know what to offer
to make myself part of it.
When your enemy strikes.
they show their weakness.
I was surprised who they sent for you.
- Zeki?
- Uh-huh.
He has been promoted.
And he makes mistakes.
- Not the front door. Zeki.
- Okay. okay.
- How many times?
- Sorry.
- Zeki.
- Taner.
Tell your father
we are running out of mules.
It's not possible
to run out of poor Kurds.
It would not be. Aziz. if you didn't keep
asking us to bring in more.
We're a business.
Demand is high.
so supply must rise to meet it.
Then you should start thinking
about another way to bring it in.
Bristol.
Scotland.
Sorry. my friend. Long way.
Okay.
Borrow a light?
Baba. we've got a problem.
- We're close.
- Do you think?
I bet everything we need to know
and everyone we need to know is in there.
We just need to work out how to get in.
Yeah. We just need to get past the gate.
the door. and presumably the guns.
Here's our baker.
And there's a code.
And he knows it.
So you want
To be free
To live your life
The way you wanna be?
Will you give
If we cry?
Will we live
Or will we die?
Oh
Oh. yeah. yeah…
- …this place. innit?
- Yeah.
- I… I've applied three times.
- Sorry?
You're Investigations. I've applied
three times and never heard back.
Seeing as you're here. I thought
maybe I could help. 'Ere's me CV.
I'm Shaun. by the way.
I'm in VAT. but they won't miss me.
I don't think they'd notice I'd gone.
Why do you think we're Investigations?
Because you're up from London
and you've been sneakin' in 'ere late
when no one's around.
And you're lockin' your door.
I didn't even know they had locks.
- You're from Liverpool?
- Yeah.
If we are Investigations.
why would you wanna help us?
Because you're taking on heroin.
Why would you think that?
A kid dies on an estate in Liverpool.
Thatcher reckons she's gonna stop it.
and youse two roll in from London
and start locking doors.
And if it is heroin.
and if it is Liverpool.
then I wanna be part of that.
I wanna be part of stoppin' that.
Give it to me.
- What does that mean?
- It means go home.
Tell me about Hakan's son.
- Aziz?
- Yeah.
Eh. he's a good boy.
Maybe too good for this world.
- Can we use him to get to Hakan?
- Eh. maybe.
- But for now. we have a meeting.
- Where?
Here.
He's with me.
One red. Okay.
One and neighbors wins.
- Place your bets.
- Same again. my friend.
One and neighbors.
- What happened to the meeting?
- Eh?
This is the meeting.
No more bets. Thank you.
Twenty black. One and neighbors wins.
Yeah. It must be my lucky night. huh?
The Daybreak Bakery loses money.
but the owner is a Jed Dalby who has
just bought a very nice house for cash.
He's got a record.
I've faxed over a mugshot.
That's him.
Your young driver is a Dean Narey.
Lives with his parents.
collects unemployment benefits.
and is currently supposed to be attending
a youth training scheme in Macclesfield.
- He's working while signing on.
- We're not here for benefit fraud.
No. but if we get him picked up for that.
that creates a vacancy.
and then we can send in a replacement.
Which one of us goes in?
Neither.
We need someone who fits better than us.
- And we found him.
- We can't use him for that.
The bakery's hiring.
That gives us an excuse
to send Shaun in for a legit job
but with a legend
that might get him noticed by this one.
If Shaun gets used for the drugs.
he could get us the code to that buildin'.
We barely know
what we're doing half the time.
We can't bring in someone else.
Don told us we could recruit
from within the community.
- It's too risky.
- He'll be workin' in a bakery.
Chances are he'll spend a few weeks
sellin' donuts or bloody…
- Cream horns?
- Cream horns.
If anyone's playing a legend.
it should be us.
Whatever this is.
these two are the bottom of it.
We need to keep our legends
till we find the top.
- How will we know when we find the top?
- I don't know.
I'm hoping we know it when we see it.
- Shaun's not trained.
- Not trained. Listen.
It takes four years
to become a police detective.
- Five.
Five years full time till they give you
a case. We did it in three weeks.
None of us are trained. Bailey.
Erin. I'm faxing you Shaun's CV
for verification.
and I need paperwork
from the prison service.
Okay.
Can he do it?
We won't know if he can do it
till he's doin' it.
Same for me. same for you.
same for all of us.
And no more bets. thank you.
Twenty black.
One and neighbors wins again.
Same again. my friend. One and neighbors.
- Magnet.
- Eh?
- You're using a magnet.
- Place your bets.
- You see the owner?
- Hmm?
He was. uh. in EOKA.
In the war in Cyprus. So was I.
And then EOKA tried to kill me.
So I worked with the British
and with Mr. Blake to kill them.
When I was in prison. I heard this man
has been calling me a prodotis.
Traitor.
- So I am here.
- One red.
And I am winning. hah?
One and the neighbors.
Such luck for the great Mylonas. eh?
Hah! The hero of the Greeks!
Fuckin' cheat…
Oi!
Drive!
- What the fuck was that?
- I know you're brave. eh?
But I needed to know if you could fight.
Now I do.
And when. uh. Hakan hears of this fight.
this will help you do what you need to do.
- I could've died in there.
- I could die every day of my life.
This is how I live.
And now this is how you live.
- I'm just doin' my job.
- No. you're not. eh?
You volunteered. That is different.
You know. I volunteered too.
For EOKA.
I could tell you it was. uh.
to free Cyprus.
or avenge my father or. ugh.
protect my mother.
Maybe it was. eh?
But sometimes.
I think I was. uh. just a kid
who wanted adventure.
And here I am. still on that adventure.
So why are you here?
I've lost things
over the years.
People.
Which adds pressure
to do something important with your life.
do something which makes you feel alive.
And tonight. in there. did you feel alive?
- Yeah.
Then we shall continue on our adventure.
You're a registered informant
for Her Majesty's Customs and Excise.
There have to be some rules.
Look. in this world.
there are two types of men.
Those who think there are rules
and those who don't.
And the men who think there are rules.
they don't stay in this world for long.
All right. big man?
Welcome tae Glasgow.
Have you got the stuff?
- Yes.
- Magic.
Just in here.
- How was your journey?
- Fine.
Hell o' a drive. that.
Still. worth it to get out of England.
though. eh?
- Do you have the money?
- Are you hungry. pal?
I can send one of our boys
to get you a fish supper.
- No. thank you.
- You want a beer?
You lot drink. don't ya?
- Do you have the money?
- Aye. course.
It's just in there.
You first. big man. You're the visitor.
Ah. sorry. mate.
- Don't know it now? You never will.
- I know it.
Officially. you've been seconded
to a VAT investigation in Billericay.
We've got you as long as we need ya.
You don't have to do this. mate.
And we'll understand if you don't.
We know we're askin' a lot.
You know. I'm from that estate.
Where the kid died?
When they built it.
they had to do a lottery for the houses.
That's how much
people wanted to live there.
It was a great place to grow up.
Safe.
Happy.
You've seen what it is now.
You've seen what's happened to the kids
and who's done it.
I'm from 'ere.
You're not.
Maybe you don't have to do this. but I do.
Come on.
Where the fuck is he?
- Who's next. please?
- Four barm cakes.
- Four. yeah?
- Yeah. four. please.
Uh. who do I talk to about the job. mate?
We're busy okay? Come back later.
- Speak to the girls.
- Yeah. okay. Just do us a favor. will ya?
Give this a sign.
I… I need to show me parole officer
I'm lookin' for work.
- Help me out. mate. will ya?
- You don't have to say you love me
And you don't have to say any prayers…
- So. uh… what were you inside for?
- This and that.
Come on. What were you inside for?
Dealing puff and ABH.
- How long d'you get?
- 20 months. did 12.
Where are you from?
Bootle. Netherton Park Estate.
Oh. Dodge City.
Yeah. Yeah. we didn't find that so funny
around our way. mate.
No. I bet you didn't.
- What are the. uh. pubs by there?
- You what?
What are the. uh. pubs
on the Netherton Estate?
Uh…
The Union.
The Eagle.
There's the Ship. I wouldn't go in there
with a jacket like that.
Uh… Walton.
Oh? What wing?
B wing.
Me too.
I mean. that's a low right there.
isn't it. mate?
When that door shuts behind you on B wing.
and you're just looking at a bed
and a khazi.
Yeah.
- What side is the bed on?
- You what?
When you walk into the cell on B wing.
what side is the bed on?
What's that got to do with selling bread?
What side are the beds on?
They're on the right.
Now. have you got
a fucking job for me or not?
- We should've wired him.
- No chance.
It was enough of a gamble
just sendin' him in.
You know. for someone
who don't wanna take any risks.
this is a funny old game to be in.
It's not as simple as that.
Bloody hell.
- He's in.
- Or they've made him.
Now they have him.
- Something has happened.
- What?
How much money do you have?
Not much.
Get more.
Accounts made me sign a form
saying the money would not be used
to support a criminal enterprise.
and the small print suggested
that I could go to prison if it does.
- I'd appreciate if that could be avoided.
- I'll do my best.
- What's it for?
- No idea.
- But it's to get you in?
- Everything's to get me in.
- How's it working out with Mylonas?
- He'll get me in or get me killed.
- Trust him?
- No.
Good.
Here's the Felixstowe Docks
information you wanted.
and this is your import-export company.
- Is it live?
- Uh. the address stands up.
And I stuck a sign on an empty unit.
so should survive a drive-by.
I might not survive a drive-by.
And I'm trying to run two operations
with barely the budget for one.
- Your watch.
- Is it real?
It better be. It's evidence in
a VAT fraud case. so don't bloody lose it.
What about the motor?
- He wouldn't drive this.
- That's a decent motor. that.
His wife got the house. he got the car.
He wouldn't drive this.
Look. I'm working
with what we have impounded.
That's the best we've got.
so I'm sure you. him. and his
imaginary wife can learn to live with it.
Keys.
And I've popped
some parking tickets in there too.
I. uh. suspect he has a somewhat
laissez-faire
attitude to that kind of thing.
Cheers.
What's wrong
with the one I gave you. anyway?
Cracked windscreen.
- Do you need support?
- No.
Here you are. just stop here.
A hundred quid a day. No questions.
Yeah. cool.
Anything in the van is… is on you. not me.
So. if you get pulled.
then you're just one of my drivers who's
got involved with
somethin' that he shouldn't have.
Yeah. I get it.
I hope so.
Because it wouldn't be me.
If you grass.
you get us nicked.
it wouldn't be me comin' for you.
They're a lot worse than me.
the ones in charge.
I just wanna earn. mate.
And I know the game. If I get nicked.
it's me that gets nicked. no one else.
Stay here.
Sorry for your loss.
Your son was a brave boy.
A good soldier.
We are family.
Hakan will take care of everything.
Don't worry.
May your son's memory be eternal.
This is from me and from my friend.
Come. We talk about the funeral.
Okay. Let's go.
- Only Turks today.
- Okay. take it easy.
Aziz. this. uh… is my friend. Guy.
He is in our business.
What do you do?
Transport.
We always need drivers.
So do I.
Let me know if you got any spare.
What do we know about Guy?
Not enough.
- Is it 12?
- I think so. kid. yeah.
We're flying through it. aren't we?
Do you two understand the concept
of a management structure?
It's called a show of strength.
and it worked.
I didn't authorize it.
Authorize it?
Who the fuck do you think you are?
Yeah. When I met you. Carter.
you were a bouncer slingin' weed.
Yeah. look at me now.
'Cause I don't go round
openin' murder investigations
for the sake of one estate
in fucking Glasgow.
The Turks were taking our business.
The Turks are taking our business
because their product is better.
If it wasn't for us.
you wouldn't have any product.
- How do you figure that one out?
- We control the docks.
You think payin' off an alky
security guard is controllin' the docks?
Forget the docks.
I control this city.
You don't even know how I do it.
Do you know. your problem. Carter.
is you think you're above it all.
with those nice suits o' yours
and that nice flat o' yours.
But you're right down 'ere
in the gutter with us.
and it's not nice down 'ere.
- Bad things happen.
- Hey. steady.
If you wanna pick a side. Eddie.
that's the wrong way to go.
We're on the same side.
And he's the boss.
Right? So get back to work.
I said get back to work.
What stage are you at?
Infiltration.
- You've played your legends?
- Not ours.
- We recruited.
- From where?
From someone who fits
into the community better than us.
Like how you told us to do it.
- From where?
- From within the firm.
You've what?
We'll be in touch
when we've got something.
How is she?
She's okay. She's tough.
If you think she's tough.
you should see her mum.
You're on a pay phone.
It's safer.
It doesn't sound safer.
Yeah. well. if it was safe.
I wouldn't be here.
You sound happy.
I'm not… happy.
It's just. you know. it's this stuff.
it gets you… fired up.
It's hard to come down.
You're allowed to enjoy it. Guy.
- Doesn't mean I don't miss you.
- Should hope not.
Now get some sleep.
- Night. love.
- Night.
Hello?
Who is this. please?
It is okay.
I work for British Telecom.
We have a problem with the phone.
Who is this. please?
Sorry I'm late.
20.000 men used to work down here.
and look at it now.
This city's falling apart.
Not just the city.
You look fuckin' dreadful.
I'm gettin' divorced.
- It's an expensive business.
- Don't pretend the money's for that.
It's not for that.
It's quality.
That's what this city's lost.
That's what it needs.
And that's what I need.
I need to improve the quality.
The product.
Some of the people involved.
It's not good enough.
They're not good enough.
I need to improve the quality.
I need help to do it.
Yeah.
Look. Don needed to know who
we've recruited in case anything happens.
Silence is fine.
What's going on 'ere. then?
- Nothin'.
- Yeah. doesn't look like nothin'.
Just havin' a chat. sir.
Are you okay. love?
What's your problem?
It's all right. We're leaving.
- How do you live with shit like that?
- You live with it.
It does things to you
whether you like it or not.
Keep your head down. You don't take risks.
Sorry.
No. don't be.
You're right. this is not gonna work
if we don't take chances.
if we don't put ourselves in danger.
And I reckon that's why I'm here.
you know. to…
to learn how to do that.
Well. it's lucky you got me. then.
- Red or blue?
- You what?
- Liverpool or Everton?
- Liverpool.
- I hope so.
- Born and bred. lad.
Ah. We'll soon find out.
As updates go. that is somewhat thin.
Considering I spend much of my working day
conjuring up new ways
to avoid the Home Secretary's phone calls.
that is disappointing.
They're making progress.
They just won't tell you
what that progress is.
And they shouldn't.
They need to feel empowered
to make decisions in the moment.
to… to do things
we don't need to know about.
If they think they need to ask permission.
that normal rules apply.
then they'll just make
the same decisions as everyone else.
We're not the police.
we're not the spooks.
We can do things they can't.
We can keep going when they have to stop.
And we should take advantage of that.
Uh. how's Guy?
We're keeping an eye on him.
but he's in legend.
which means we give him what he needs
and send him out on a long leash.
Yes. the thing about long leashes. Don.
is that they can be easily slipped.
Hakan wants to talk.
- Dear God.
- How do you know where I live?
Everyone knows where you live.
This is how you live? Oh. oh. oh…
It's how he lives.
What about you. eh?
You have a family?
No.
There you go. love.
The business in the casino. not good.
You don't need to worry
about my business. Hakan.
Why do you fucking Greeks always fight?
I take this from a Kurd?
What do you have to offer us?
An import-export business
based in Felixstowe Docks.
- Why would we need you?
- Because what you're doing can't last.
And… what is it that we're doing?
I imagine it's what you've always done.
human mules.
which limits your load
and won't work forever.
Especially when Customs
get their act together. which they will.
- What do you know about Customs?
- I know they ain't fit for purpose.
Their dogs are only trained
to find plastic explosives.
You can thank the Irish for that.
And there ain't enough officers
to do what needs to be done.
Right now. unless the drugs
fall out your pocket at the border.
you'd do well to get caught.
But that's about to change.
With what's goin' on in the country.
with what Thatcher's sayin'.
things are gonna get a lot harder.
But I can build a system that will survive
anything they throw at you
and let you bring in as much as you want.
You know a lot about Customs.
- Why?
- Know your enemy.
I've slipped a few things
past them over the years.
How do you think I know 'im?
Now I'm ready to do somethin' proper.
Why Felixstowe?
Busiest port in England.
4.000 containers come in every day.
Customs will do well to search 20.
I pay off enough people
to make sure none of those 20 are mine.
Why would I trust the English?
I barely trust the Greeks.
Look what happened
in Scotland. Hakan. Hmm?
You cannot only use Turks.
Here in Green Lanes. they are protected.
Out there… not so much.
If you want to take control of this.
you need others.
You need alliance.
What's the name of your company?
Emerton Transport.
We go now.
- Where?
- To take control.
- I need to make a call.
- Be quick.
Where is he?
Where's who?
Why are you so busy. eh?
Why always the questions?
- Get out the way.
- You're a tough guy. huh?
Tough guy.
- Yes?
- Make Emerton live now. or I'm dead.
- All right?
- What are you doing?
Havin' a piss.
Zeki. Taner. stay here.
I have another job for you.
Mylonas. you go with Aziz.
- There.
- Okay.
English.
You're with me.
Take that in.
Stick it in the drawer.
They'll empty it. They'll fill it.
Then you bring it back.
Easy as that.
Just. uh… leave the door open behind you.
What's the code?
European Cup final.
Rome.
You said you were a Liverpool fan.
Yeah. fine.
- Shaun's takin' it in.
- That means he's got the code.
Who the fuckin' hell are you?
- Jesus.
- Oh no.
Eddie! I'm sorry.
It's… it's okay. He's with me.
Hey. Eddie. Eddie. Eddie…
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay!
Do it your fuckin' self next time.
you lazy bastard.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's your fault. that.
- What… what did I do?
- Dickhead.
- What was that?
- Nothin'.
- Who are they?
- I dunno.
- We've gotta follow 'em.
- What about Shaun?
He's alive. in't he?
In you go. I'll be right behind you.
Okay.
Have you ever been in war?
No.
You said
you should know your enemies.
But you're wrong.
In war.
it is more important to know your friends.
When you know your friends.
then you know your enemies.
Where the fuck are they?
Oh. come on. come on. come on.
All right. lads? Can I help you?
- You know Guy?
- I 'ope so. He's the boss.
He's not in today. though.
What is through there?
Uh. loading bay.
You can go through if you like.
but you'll only find
a bunch of hairy-arsed truckers.
Unless that's your thing.
Is there anything else you needed?
Only I've got a lorry full of bananas
about to turn up.
and your car's in the way.
Yeah?
Okay.
Yes.
We're heading south on the M6
following two cars of armed men.
and we'd really like to know
what to do about that.
I'll call you back.
Yes.
Uh. I… I'm following Guy. a lot of Turks.
and an extraordinary number of guns.
and I'm heading onto the M6.
at which point
I'm pretty sure I'm going to lose them.
We have a source in both networks.
If we bust 'em now.
we give up the operation.
You're gonna say if we don't bust 'em
now. there could be hell to pay.
Well. just hear me out.
You know. Don. Customs were formed
because the navy
couldn't chase people on land.
the army couldn't chase people at sea.
and the police couldn't chase anyone
because they didn't bloody exist.
You were right.
Customs have powers that others don't
and can take risks that others can't.
This is an opportunity
to remind the country
who we are and what we can do.
Play it out.
Quite right. sir.
- Stay back. let it play out.
- I'm Guy's wife.
- Uh. I'm sorry to call.
- It's not a great time. love.
- Is he okay?
- He's terrific. I'll call you back.
Twat!
Bail. Joe. bail. bail. bail. bail!
Right now! Right now!
Fucking little rat!
You stop here.
Wait.
What is this?
I dunno. mate.
But I reckon we found the top.
Alliance.
Faith
Your own personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone who cares
- Your own
Personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone who's there
Feeling unknown
And you're all alone
Flesh and bone
By the telephone
Lift up the receiver
I'll make you a believer
Take second best
Put me to the test
Things on your chest
You need to confess
I will deliver
You know I'm a forgiver
- Reach out. touch faith
- Faith